language/README.md, before:

# CUDA-LDA : Contradistinguisher for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation - Language Domain Adaptation
Paper accepted in **<a href="http://icdm2019.bigke.org/">ICDM 2019：19th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining</a>**, Beijing, China, 8-11 November 2019.

The original code base for the experiments and results for language datasets.

## Language Domain Adaptation
We consider Amazon Customer Reviews Dataset with 4 domains Books, DVDs, Electronics and Kitchen Appliances located in [data](data) folder.
Each domain has 2 classes positive and negative reviews as labels of binary classification.

## Installation

You will need:

- Python 3.6 (Anaconda Python recommended)
- PyTorch 
- torchvision
- nltk
- pandas
- scipy
- tqdm
- scikit-image 
- scikit-learn  
- tensorboardX
- tensorflow==1.13.1 (for tensorboard visualizations)

### PyTorch

On Linux:

```> conda install pytorch torchvision cudatoolkit=10.0 -c pytorch```

install relevant cuda if GPUs are available. 
Use of GPUs is very much recommended and inevitable because of the size of the model and datasets.

### The rest of the dependencies

Use pip as below:

```> pip install -r requirements.txt```

## Datasets

We consider Amazon Customer Reviews Dataset with 4 domains Books (B) , DVDs (D), Electronics (E) and Kitchen Appliances (K) located in [data](data) folder.
Each domain has 2 classes positive and negative reviews as labels of binary classification.
The processed data of Amazon CUstomer Reviews dataset is obtained from <a href="https://github.com/ccsasuke/man">MAN</a> github repo.

#### Language Domain Adaptation Dataset Statistics

|![Language_datasets_details.png](git_images/misc/Language_datasets_details.png) |
|:---:|
| Language dataset statistics used for language domain adaptation|


## Results
|![Language_datasets_results.png](git_images/misc/Language_datasets_results.png) |
|:---:|
| Target domain test accuracy reported using CUDA over several SOTA domain alignment methods|

### t-SNE plots which indicate the domain adaptation using CUDA
|![books_dvd_tsne_epoch059](git_images/tsne_images/books_dvd_tsne_epoch059.png) | ![books_electronics_tsne_epoch052](git_images/tsne_images/books_electronics_tsne_epoch052.png) | ![books_kitchen_tsne_epoch205](git_images/tsne_images/books_kitchen_tsne_epoch205.png) | 
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| B -> D | B -> E | B -> K |
|![dvd_books_tsne_epoch022](git_images/tsne_images/dvd_books_tsne_epoch022.png) | ![dvd_electronics_tsne_epoch036](git_images/tsne_images/dvd_electronics_tsne_epoch036.png) | ![dvd_kitchen_tsne_epoch051](git_images/tsne_images/dvd_kitchen_tsne_epoch051.png) | 
| D -> B | D -> E | D -> K |
|![electronics_books_tsne_epoch025](git_images/tsne_images/electronics_books_tsne_epoch025.png) | ![electronics_dvd_tsne_epoch029](git_images/tsne_images/electronics_dvd_tsne_epoch029.png) | ![electronics_kitchen_tsne_epoch022](git_images/tsne_images/electronics_kitchen_tsne_epoch022.png) | 
| E -> B | E -> D | E -> K |
|![kitchen_books_tsne_epoch033](git_images/tsne_images/kitchen_books_tsne_epoch033.png) | ![kitchen_dvd_tsne_epoch015](git_images/tsne_images/kitchen_dvd_tsne_epoch015.png) | ![kitchen_electronics_tsne_epoch028](git_images/tsne_images/kitchen_electronics_tsne_epoch028.png) | 
| K -> B | K -> D | K -> E |
   
- The t-SNE plots indicates inclined line-like clustering in both Source (x) and Target (+) domain with each class at either ends.

## Code and instructions coming soon!!!

Commit message:

updated dataset, code, logs and instructions

language/README.md, after:

# CUDA-LDA : Contradistinguisher for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation - Language Domain Adaptation
Paper accepted in **<a href="http://icdm2019.bigke.org/">ICDM 2019：19th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining</a>**, Beijing, China, 8-11 November 2019.

The original code base for the experiments and results for language datasets.

## Language Domain Adaptation
We consider Amazon Customer Reviews Dataset with 4 domains Books, DVDs, Electronics and Kitchen Appliances located in [data](data) folder.
Each domain has 2 classes positive and negative reviews as labels of binary classification.

## Installation

You will need:

- Python 3.6 (Anaconda Python recommended)
- PyTorch 
- torchvision
- nltk
- pandas
- scipy
- tqdm
- scikit-image 
- scikit-learn  
- tensorboardX
- tensorflow==1.13.1 (for tensorboard visualizations)

### PyTorch

On Linux:

```> conda install pytorch torchvision cudatoolkit=10.0 -c pytorch```

install relevant cuda if GPUs are available. 
Use of GPUs is very much recommended and inevitable because of the size of the model and datasets.

### The rest of the dependencies

Use pip as below:

```> pip install -r requirements.txt```

## Datasets

We consider Amazon Customer Reviews Dataset with 4 domains Books (B) , DVDs (D), Electronics (E) and Kitchen Appliances (K) located in [data](data) folder.
Each domain has 2 classes positive and negative reviews as labels of binary classification.
The processed data of Amazon CUstomer Reviews dataset is obtained from <a href="https://github.com/ccsasuke/man">MAN</a> github repo.

#### Language Domain Adaptation Dataset Statistics

|![Language_datasets_details.png](git_images/misc/Language_datasets_details.png) |
|:---:|
| Language dataset statistics used for language domain adaptation|


## Results
|![Language_datasets_results.png](git_images/misc/Language_datasets_results.png) |
|:---:|
| Target domain test accuracy reported using CUDA over several SOTA domain alignment methods|

### t-SNE plots which indicate the domain adaptation using CUDA
|![books_dvd_tsne_epoch059](git_images/tsne_images/books_dvd_tsne_epoch059.png) | ![books_electronics_tsne_epoch052](git_images/tsne_images/books_electronics_tsne_epoch052.png) | ![books_kitchen_tsne_epoch205](git_images/tsne_images/books_kitchen_tsne_epoch205.png) | 
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| B -> D | B -> E | B -> K |
|![dvd_books_tsne_epoch022](git_images/tsne_images/dvd_books_tsne_epoch022.png) | ![dvd_electronics_tsne_epoch036](git_images/tsne_images/dvd_electronics_tsne_epoch036.png) | ![dvd_kitchen_tsne_epoch051](git_images/tsne_images/dvd_kitchen_tsne_epoch051.png) | 
| D -> B | D -> E | D -> K |
|![electronics_books_tsne_epoch025](git_images/tsne_images/electronics_books_tsne_epoch025.png) | ![electronics_dvd_tsne_epoch029](git_images/tsne_images/electronics_dvd_tsne_epoch029.png) | ![electronics_kitchen_tsne_epoch022](git_images/tsne_images/electronics_kitchen_tsne_epoch022.png) | 
| E -> B | E -> D | E -> K |
|![kitchen_books_tsne_epoch033](git_images/tsne_images/kitchen_books_tsne_epoch033.png) | ![kitchen_dvd_tsne_epoch015](git_images/tsne_images/kitchen_dvd_tsne_epoch015.png) | ![kitchen_electronics_tsne_epoch028](git_images/tsne_images/kitchen_electronics_tsne_epoch028.png) | 
| K -> B | K -> D | K -> E |
   
- The t-SNE plots indicates inclined line-like clustering in both Source (x) and Target (+) domain with each class at either ends.

## Code and instructions
- `SB_lang_00_ss.py` : Code for source supervised only setting
- `SB_lang_00_ss_tu.py` : Code for source supervised + target unsupervised only setting
- `SB_lang_00_ss_tu_su.py` : Code for source supervised + target unsupervised + source unsupervised setting
- `SB_lang_00_ss_tu_su_sa.py` : Code for source supervised + target unsupervised + source unsupervised + source adversarial setting
- `SB_lang_00_ss_tu_su_ta.py` : Code for source supervised + target unsupervised + source unsupervised + target adversarial setting
- `SB_lang_00_ss_tu_su_ta_sa.py` : Code for source supervised + target unsupervised + source unsupervised + target adversarial + source adversarial setting

`cuda.sh` : this file consists of commands to run the experiments simultaneously in batch on multiple GPUs.

### Folder Information
- `data` : This folder is where the datasets are stored.
- `datasets` : This folder consists of all the pytorch dataset files used for dataloading.
- `logs` : This folder consists of logs from the previous simulations whose results are reported in the paper. The logs are created to store all the settings and parameters for reproducibility.
- `model` : This folder consists of all the variants of neural networks used in MAN and CMD.
